this is the latest 3d as system version
for T old man yeah and this is the
latest the SI system lesson 1 for 4 so
never have my aqua i TT card testy and
this two concerns right and this is a
the black the black purple entity with
the screw at the reason and this is the
quantity the purple card and as you can
see there is no screw as before again
Samir the you'll notice that the office
with was sad for the stickers the alpha
i TT that an idiot okay so may i were
have the testes never have this look
like turn on my
it's red yes okay
it's an anesthetic because it and
sir
that's not stress
okay you can update you get the distant
Giscard guess cans
okay and never have the la cara de /
Bakr / / / TT carb testy I'm a studious
and
okay so you can see it in the game icon
to be in the sponge sponge ball right
does it not work so the need and
firmware update for this out daily this
purple on one GT current
yeah
and this curve books on my Diaz I won
for for okay
nerds
right
okay so and do these deeper earliest
occurrence
actually you're you were have noticed
they they are within the same the same
the same label is no different answered
and but different from their office row
beside okay and you can differ them at
the back so the back panel right good
okay
and this one major specimen is filling
her in this black in this one yeah
nay official herbicide get so then said
since we wants you